working on a user guide (#27)
dbt-labs/dbt-database-adapter-scaffold: README.md

## Getting started

### Local environment setup
- cd to where you'd like your adapter to live
- setup a virtual env
```
python3 -m venv env
```

> - choose how you would like to run the `dbt-database-adapter-scaffold`
>       - Running from Github
>       - Running Locally
> - Once you have generated your adapter please continue by using the `README` located within the repo.

Reviewer: Do we have a recommendation? I'm guessing that running from GitHub is simpler/faster?
```suggestion
Choose how you would like to run the scaffold:
- Running from Github (recommended)
- Running locally

Once you have generated your adapter, please continue by using the `README` located within the repo.
```

Author: We hadn't picked one specifically yet was also curious if we were going to want to make this into a pypi package or any other form of possible download?

- Fork and clone this repo
- Once cloned run cookiecutter path_to_this_file/..

 ### Testing
A suggested process for testing while building out your new adapter might be something like.
- Firstly focus on getting the connection methods and credentials setup correctly and test basic connection with `dbt debug`
- Creating a small project to slowly run and test against locally as you build (will really help once you get to building out unit/integration test implementations) ex. [jaffle_shop](https://github.com/dbt-labs/jaffle_shop) is one we have various instructions and tutorials for (Tutorial)(https://docs.getdbt.com/tutorial/setting-up)
- Work on building up higher-level macros/methods using your small project from step before to test basic adapter functionality by running things like `dbt run` against building views, tables, `dbt test` till you have basic functionality.
- Start incorporating new more `pytest` testing to check against your basic adapter functionality. At this point your adapter will be feature-complete at baseline level.
- Share your adapter to get feedback.

> - Continue developing additional features standard to other dbt adapters and adding in more feature based `unit` and `functional` tests or building out adapter specific test functionality/tests.

Reviewer 2: I think this section is mostly covered in https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/contributing/building-a-new-adapter. I'm sorry if I missed other conversation on the PR, but I'd be happy to just link to the docs on the website here.

Reviewer: @kwigley I think that's totally fair! I'm the one who asked for this, since there was a stub here previously.

I'm most interested in making clear that the order of operations is _not_:
1. scaffold a new adapter
2. run the testing suite
3. stuff fails, confusion

This more detailed, narrative guidance could definitely want to live in our docs instead, namely https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/contributing/building-a-new-adapter.

@dataders Could I ask you to make the final call on What Goes Where? And help see this PR + https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/pull/1362 through?
